I'm on Michelle. You're married. Get it together.
Mm-hmm. Don't be late for the party tomorrow.
Sorry. No, I'm through without an invitation.
I think... I think that way... Ella?
Is this a friend of yours? Looks like she could use my help.
No. I have no idea who she is, Mr. Schluster.
But you're my date. You're not trying to find a new one already?
No, of course not.
AC, the boss is looking to see how we handle things.
I can get into this party without an invitation, and you can't.
You're not fit to be his personal assistant.
So get ready to get fired.
She doesn't have an invitation. Make sure she stays out, please.
Come on, didn't you see how she just tried to use my date to get in?
No. All right. I'll see you outside.
Loser.
Man, you need to leave.
Please. My boss is waiting for me.
I need to get inside, otherwise he won't find me.
There is no boss here for you. Come on. Let's go.
She can't be that terrible, can she?
I mean, why else are they kicking her out?
Man, if you refuse to leave, we are going to have to take it by force.
Don't you dare take her away.
Oh, my God. That's Lucas, the youngest CEO from the Forbes list.
Sorry, I'm late. I heard you're trying to take her away. Is that right?
It was a misunderstanding, sir. I didn't know the lady was with you.
It was my mistake.
So can we go now?
Oh, yeah, of course, of course.
Well, being with us, of course.
Right, 15 minutes away, there's that.
Understood.
Seems you don't like that beautiful lady very much.
No, of course I like her.
I heard that famous actress Megan grew up with Lucas.
Why don't you think it was taken away by another woman?
Pester, you are an angel.
Oh, I don't help out for free, then.
Don't worry. Your wish will soon be granted.
Is it true?
I heard Lucas got himself an escort to take him to all these public events.
I sort of like being his wife.
Yeah, and he was just defending her at the door.
Where is she? Oh, my God.
This is the first time seeing Lucas being a date to a party.
There she is.
Star of the evening.
I can see why Lucas chose her to be his date. She is stunning.
Lucas, my man.
I heard you planning to build a shopping center.
I have a great piece of land. I can make a decent offer on it.
Come on.
We all know Lucas is mine.
Out of here, he's worth this low-life bitch.
What?
You really think that cheap crap is going to impress Lucas?
He's mine.
Are you his wife?
Because I seem to remember her name being Michelle.
That girl? Please.
Lucas and I grew up together. She's just some random girl that he ran into one day.
Why are you still here?
I said, get out of here.
I'm sorry, but it's my job to attend this event with my boss, so no.
I'm not going to just get out of here.
What the hell is your problem?
There.
Your dress is ruined.
Now you have a reason to go.
Seriously? What is the matter with you?
Do you even know who I am?
Lucas, I do know.
In fact, I know you have a new movie coming out.
You wouldn't want the media to find out about what you just did, would you?
Because I got it all on camera.
You're threatening me?
This woman was threatening to ruin my career because she's your assistant.
Fire her.
I think she was doing exactly what I wanted me to do.
You have a problem with that?
Lucas, are you taking her side?
I'm just gonna go clean up.
This boss is so protected.
I can't embarrass him.
What are you doing? This is the ladies' room.
I know. That's why I want the door.
Now it's just you and me.
Get away from me!
And Lucas is secretary, so...
He really think Lucas gives a shit about you.
He just happens to decide, Megan.
But I'm offering him land at a fraction of the cost.
Saving him billions.
Do you think you work billions to Lucas?
You're lying.
Lucas would never.
Turn his back on his employees.
We'll see about that.
Oh!
I'm fine.
Yeah, I am so sorry.
Lucas, I was just assaulted by your secretary.
I want to find or I'll deal us off.
Are you kidding me?
You're the one who assaulted me.
Our business dealing with the Sylvester family are done.
What?
Come on, we've been running the most successful business here.
I can make your family disappear.
Yeah, hi, I'd like the Sylvester family to go bankrupt.
That's ridiculous.
Our family's been around for decades.
All our stocks just plummeted.
We're bankrupt.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
All right, I was wrong.
I should have tried anything with you, Sam Terry.
But it's on my fault.
Not my families.
It's too late for that, man.
Michelle, please.
Talk to you for me.
Will you?
I would, but...
I'm just a secretary.
Remember?
There's nothing I can do.
Get out of our face.
No!
Thank you.
She's protecting our employees from getting bullied.
But without the Sylvester deal, you're gonna lose billions?
There's no point in doing business at the cost of our implicit.
Plus, plenty of companies want to work with us.
So next time, when something like that happens,
it comes straight to us.
We've got your back.
Okay?
There really is a stand-up guy,
unlike my ex-husband.
The boss's wife is so lucky.
Let's get back.
I should, uh, take you off.
Thanks.
She's really pretty.
Wait, ready to hear a woman named Michelle
in that ring necklace?
Could it be... Michelle?
Can't get enough of her, can ya?
Stop this.
Come off.
I'll stop obsessing about her.
I'm not.
All right, all right, I know.
She's not your type.
What makes you set up?
Well, but someone of your status
allowed a woman you liked to wear,
dressed like a hat.
But seriously,
I have never seen you defend a woman like that before.
You shut Meghan up.
You lost out on a billion dollar deal,
all for that girl?
Well, I'm just out here for what's right.
Well, if you don't like her,
can I shoot my shot?
Go ahead.
Oh, yeah?
We'll see you about that.
Hey, where you headed?
Can I give you a ride?
My assistant doesn't need a ride.
Drive.
Oh, you'll always get shotgun if you ride in my car.
Don't talk to Anthony.
He's a boy boy.
You're a husband.
Yeah, we got married about four years ago.
Oh, did you lose something?
Where did it go?
Shoot.
That's where I dropped it.
What's wrong with you lose something?
No.
I don't need it anymore.
Losing the ring he gave me when we're getting divorced,
maybe it's meant to happen.
I'm so sorry.
I just got really distracted for a second.
Where do you live?
I'll take you home.
Um, it's okay.
Actually, I'm having someone pick me up.
Is that, uh, is that your husband?
Us.
Michelle, how did you get for you?
Isn't this supposed to be for your wife?
She's not going to need it.
Did they fight?
Maybe I'll keep it for him until they make up.
What's this?
That's the guy my wife is cheating on me.
You okay?
How to drink too many at the party.
I want the divorce finalized as soon as possible.
Name your terms, whatever you want.
Don't worry.
I'm fine with leaving with nothing.
Fine.
My lawyers will be in touch.
Great.
Bastard.
Nobody wants to be your wife anyway.
Michelle, I'm sorry for what my wife did to you.
Then make sure you suffer as little as possible.
Good morning.
Are you?
You have some nerve showing your face around here.
What do you mean?
What do I mean?
What do you manage to seduce all the boys at this company
when you already have so many men?
Those aren't my boyfriends.
They don't need to be your boyfriends for you to seduce them.
No wonder you got the personal assistant position.
I thought she got into the company because of her professionalism.
But I didn't expect that she used that kind of talent.
The trash worker that affects the company like her should be kicked out immediately.
No, you guys.
Those photos are taken out of contact.
Somebody slandering me.
You take the personal assistant position.
Now I'm going to make sure that you leave this company in the most humiliating way.
Didn't you hear us?
Trash like you that's ruining the company's reputation needs to be taken out.
We all know you're dirty.
Stop playing innocent professors.
No wonder why they gave you those good grades.
Do what you're wearing every day to class.
How pathetic.
What's going on here?
Sir, please don't listen to her.
She's going to tell you something but it's not true.
Look, her photos are all over the internet.
They've already cost so much damage to the company.
Someone is trying to set me up.
Sir, the photos don't show any signs of being fake.
And I highly doubt that everybody here would be pleased to hear you defend her again.
That's right.
What do you have to say to this?
Those photos were taken at the party last night and I'm pretty sure we'll have something to do with it.
Well, if you believe someone is framing you, you need to find evidence and fight back against it.
You're my personal assistant.
Crisis management is a big part of the job.
So if you can't figure this out in the next two hours, well, you might not be competent enough for the job.
And we'll have to release you.
John, help out Michelle.
Find out what's behind this mess report back to me.
Understood.
Why does boss care about Michelle so much?
Stop pretending like you're working.
I'm sorry, you're probably on the hunt for your next man.
Aren't you?
It's indeed Ella who framed.
Ma'am, you've been fired?
I'm asking, please leave the company.
And who the hell are you?
Oh, if you know, I got this job through my grandmother's connections.
Go on now.
Oh, come on.
Let's go with me.
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Derry.
I don't know.
Nope, nope.
No.
I traced the IP address of the email sender.
And guess what?
Came from your home.
You spread rumors and conspired to disgrace the company's reputation.
So I officially inform you that you're fired.
Now please leave.
It's a good thing you don't get to tell me that I'm fired.
The one thing that our boss will not tolerate is his company as well as his employees being slandered.
Well said.
Did he hear everything I just said?
She's right.
Thank you so much for helping me find the evidence.
None of you to thank me.
The boss asked me to help you specifically.
He did?
He's the best.
I think I really like him.
You know, not like romantically or anything.
I can even act like a guy around him if you want and treat him like we're bros.
Lucas.
Should we discuss the divorce details with your wife?
Right.
I just want to say thank you for speaking up for me.
And if you need anything, just let me know.
Okay.
Of course.
You know what actually there's something you need to do?
What is it?
By some basic clothes.
Thanks, but I already have plenty of clothes.
Not for you.
The company.
We're going to go on a business trip next week and I need you to represent our image in the best way possible.
Yeah, I'll get on it.
Good.
It's not bad to have a boss like him.
I can't lose this job.
Stop.
Why do you have my wife's ring?
Lucas's wife is Michelle.
They don't even seem like they know each other.
That ring was given to me.
By my lover, I haven't seen for me.
Enough of your lies.
I'm not lying.
My name was Michelle.
Then my husband left and he didn't come back.
I changed my name.
So he never find me.
Is that why you're cheating on me?
What?
That bitch is cheating?
I, uh...
This is Lucas's divorce attorney.
We need to discuss the alimony.
Hello?
Mrs. Herbert, are you there?
Alright, well since you're here, let's talk divorce.
Oh my God.
His wife is...
Ella?